Variable and Methods
Small info abt Attributes and Methods

University Class: Attributes(VARIABLES)

Name: The name of the university.
Location: The physical location where the university is situated.
Number of Students: The total number of students enrolled in the university.
Faculty Members: The total count of faculty members working in the university.
Courses Offered: A list of courses offered by the university.
Behaviors(METHODS)

Enroll Student: Method to enroll a student in the university.
Hire Faculty: Method to hire a faculty member.
Offer Course: Method to add a new course to the university's curriculum.
Organize Events: Method to organize events such as seminars, workshops, etc.
Bank Class: Attributes

Name: The name of the bank.
Location: The physical location of the bank branch.
Total Assets: The total value of assets held by the bank.
Number of Accounts: The total number of accounts held by the bank.
Interest Rate: The interest rate offered by the bank on savings or loan accounts.
Behaviors

Open Account: Method to open a new account for a customer.
Close Account: Method to close an existing account.
Process Transaction: Method to process deposits, withdrawals, or transfers.
Calculate Interest: Method to calculate interest for savings accounts.
Theatre Class: Attributes

Name: The name of the theatre.
Location: The physical location of the theatre.
Seating Capacity: The total number of seats available in the theatre.
Show Timings: The schedule of shows (e.g., movies, plays) at the theatre.
Ticket Prices: The prices of tickets for different types of shows.
Behaviors

Sell Tickets: Method to sell tickets for a show.
Reserve Seats: Method to reserve seats for customers.
Display Schedule: Method to display the schedule of shows.
Cancel Show: Method to cancel a scheduled show.
Radio Class: Attributes

Name: The name of the radio station.
Frequency: The frequency at which the radio station broadcasts.
Programs: The list of programs aired by the radio station.
Listenership: The number of listeners tuned in to the radio station.
Behaviors

Broadcast Program: Method to broadcast a program.
Change Frequency: Method to change the frequency of the radio station.
Advertise: Method to advertise products or services on the radio.
Collect Feedback: Method to collect feedback from listeners.
#JAVA and its Architecture

Java works through a combination of its language features, virtual machine architecture, and extensive library support.

Writing Code: You write Java code using a text editor or a specialized program like IntelliJ IDEA.

Compilation: Your Java code gets translated into a special kind of code called "bytecode."

Java Virtual Machine (JVM): This bytecode can run on any device with a JVM. It's like a translator that turns bytecode into instructions your computer understands.

Platform Independence: Because of the JVM, Java programs can run on different types of devices without needing to be rewritten.

Java API: Java comes with a bunch of pre-made tools and functions called the Java API. You can use these to do lots of different things without starting from scratch.

Execution: Once translated by the JVM, your code runs on the device just like any other program.
